= evil_spambots

Obfuscate an email address so hopefully won't be harvested by evil spambots using javascript and ASCII html encoding with CSS techniques.

== DESCRIPTION

Works with Rails by adding obfuscate_email and html_obfuscate view helper methods alltough is framework agnostic.

    require 'evil_spambots'
    EvilSpambots.obfuscate_email('mail@example.com')

Will return:

    <noscript>&#109;<span style="display: none;">&#109;</span>&#97;<span style="display: none;">&#97;</span>&#105;<span style="display: none;">&#105;</span>&#108;<span style="display: none;">&#108;</span>&#64;<span style="display: none;">&#64;</span>&#101;<span style="display: none;">&#101;</span>&#120;<span style="display: none;">&#120;</span>&#97;<span style="display: none;">&#97;</span>&#109;<span style="display: none;">&#109;</span>&#112;<span style="display: none;">&#112;</span>&#108;<span style="display: none;">&#108;</span>&#101;<span style="display: none;">&#101;</span>&#46;<span style="display: none;">&#46;</span>&#99;<span style="display: none;">&#99;</span>&#111;<span style="display: none;">&#111;</span>&#109;<span style="display: none;">&#109;</span></noscript>
     <script language='javascript'>
     <!--
       sequence = [190,333,159,217,365,262,225,162,282,243,319,231,156,173,190,264,81,153,247,270,312,202,139,274,130,121,180,266,42,197,221,282,63,116,183,141,238,295,71,116,39,214,54,237,275,137,125,245,135,175,256,122,102,289,157,138,152,143,130,240,157,105,254,259,69,258,72,73,162,252,272,127,239,247,278,238,290,160,214,157,286,50,166,155,91,181,227,60,91,228,240,136,280,153,114,261,139,169,112,207,276,43,59,107,228,155,121,113,97,262,160,129,195,250,196,143,269,101,157,284,112,206,208,225,85,105,78,204,117,53,299,290,101,288,94,178,279,102,180,264,88,244,81,180,87,159,180,62,278,173,186,242,96,112,219,156,197,123,227,211,51,286,100,133,121,281,142,77,227,57,274,114,117,228,199,128,264,275,274,95,64,273,167,128,288,263,206,252,125,217,69,73,173,106,41,174,105,164,178,212,89,137,98,297]
       codes    = [130,236,127,113,251,161,123,101,248,134,222,126,48,57,79,206,43,118,198,222,255,143,101,239,73,66,121,228,7,148,173,229,4,78,148,92,190,239,12,78,4,160,2,178,237,102,76,197,86,116,218,87,53,239,109,79,114,108,73,185,98,67,219,210,21,201,13,35,127,203,223,77,180,209,243,189,242,104,155,119,251,1,118,106,32,143,192,8,37,169,202,101,223,96,55,223,104,120,63,158,217,5,24,58,180,98,62,79,35,224,125,80,147,193,137,105,234,44,102,225,74,171,159,177,32,46,40,169,68,5,243,231,63,253,40,126,220,64,145,215,40,195,22,142,52,110,130,14,219,135,151,185,41,53,181,121,148,75,170,152,13,251,51,84,71,222,104,42,178,9,218,55,79,193,150,80,215,216,236,60,12,219,108,90,253,206,149,193,87,182,20,24,124,47,3,139,56,116,121,153,29,90,1,235]
       string   = ''
       for (c in sequence) {
         string += String.fromCharCode( sequence[c] - codes[c] );
       }
       document.write(string);
     //-->
    </script>

Which will be rendered correctly with a browser with or without JavaScript

Options for obfuscate_email:
* linktext: +String+
 The link inside the tag, defaults to the email address
* degradable: +true+ or +false+
 If true will generate html that renders correctly if the browser hasn't got JavaScript enabled. Defaults to true.

== INSTALL:

Can be installed as a Rails Plugin or as a gem.

  sudo gem install maca-evil_spambots –source http://gems.github.com

Or follow standard Rails installation

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Macario Ortega

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.